but it's the irresistible drawer of the
wind that finally tempted into the air
[Music]
they throw their feet up begging for
food maybe they can tell that the adults
have fed recently perhaps the adults
want to take the youngsters to a caucus
[Music]
what a moment for them seeing the
islands below for the first time
[Music]
but the wind is still rising and one of
the eaglets has been airborne for well
over an hour
it must be tired by now
like a broken kite it suddenly swings
out of control downwind
a good recovery but it still looks
pretty shaky compared to its mother's
effortless mastery of the earth
it's trying to land but the thin top
branches just can't hold its weight
[Music]
the adults stay on the wing as if to
support the youngster
it finally descends into the leeward
side of the tree and looks for a larger
branch
[Music]
that's quite an introduction to flying
you